_includes/projects.md, before:

## <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org">Unix Tutorial</a> (and <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.ru">Unix Tutorial RU</a> for Russian speakers):
Blog with Unix/Linux how-tos and articles providing introduction to Unix principles.

### Recent Unix Tutorial Projects:
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-install-ubuntu-19-04-on-dell-xps-13-9380">Project: Install Ubuntu 19.04 on Dell XPS 13 9380</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/offlineimap-for-receiving-email">Project: Use OfflineIMAP for Receiving Email</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-automatic-keyboard-backlight-for-dell-xps-in-linux">Project: Automatic keyboard backlight for Dell XPS in Ubuntu Linux</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-start-tmux-instead-of-login-prompt-on-tty1">Project: Start tmux instead of login prompt on tty1 Raspberry Pi</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-nas-storage-with-helios-4">Project: NAS storage with Helios 4</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-compiling-brave-browser-on-linux-mint">Project: Compiling Brave browser on Linux Mint 19</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-github-pages-with-jekyll">Project: GitHub Pages with Jekyll</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-centralised-rsyslog">Project: Centralised RSyslog</a>
	
## <a href="https://solaris.reys.net">Solaris blog</a>
Various notes on Solaris 10/ Open Solaris system administration

## <a href="https://www.desktop-virtualization.com">Desktop Virtualization</a>
VirtualBox, VMware and everything else to do with virtualizing desktops

## <a href="https://www.perfectblogger.com">Perfect Blogger</a>
WordPress with a touch of SEO

## <a href="https://www.personaldevelopment.ie">Personal Development</a>
My tips on productivity and goal setting plus a bit on motivation and happiness

## <a href="https://ireland.reys.net">Ирландия: заметки и письма</a>
I relocated to Ireland in 2001, this website is my letters, notes, impressions and photos of Ireland (website is in Russian)

## <a href="http://www.castlehotelsireland.com">Castle Hotels Ireland</a>
Some of the most beautiful and luxurious castle hotels you can find to stay in Ireland

Commit message:

Added links to Unix Tutorial commands, projects and 5K project

_includes/projects.md, after:

## <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org">Unix Tutorial</a> (and <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.ru">Unix Tutorial RU</a> for Russian speakers):
Blog with Unix/Linux how-tos and articles providing introduction to Unix principles. There's a great <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/commands">Unix Commands</a> section and <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects">Unix Tutorial Projects</a>.

### Recent Unix Tutorial Projects:
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/project-connect-lg-5k-display-to-pc">Project: Connecting LG 5K Monitor to PC with Alpine Ridge TB3 card</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-install-ubuntu-19-04-on-dell-xps-13-9380">Project: Install Ubuntu 19.04 on Dell XPS 13 9380</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/offlineimap-for-receiving-email">Project: Use OfflineIMAP for Receiving Email</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-automatic-keyboard-backlight-for-dell-xps-in-linux">Project: Automatic keyboard backlight for Dell XPS in Ubuntu Linux</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-start-tmux-instead-of-login-prompt-on-tty1">Project: Start tmux instead of login prompt on tty1 Raspberry Pi</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-nas-storage-with-helios-4">Project: NAS storage with Helios 4</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-compiling-brave-browser-on-linux-mint">Project: Compiling Brave browser on Linux Mint 19</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-github-pages-with-jekyll">Project: GitHub Pages with Jekyll</a>
- <a href="https://www.unixtutorial.org/projects-centralised-rsyslog">Project: Centralised RSyslog</a>

## <a href="https://solaris.reys.net">Solaris blog</a>
Various notes on Solaris 10/ Open Solaris system administration

## <a href="https://www.desktop-virtualization.com">Desktop Virtualization</a>
VirtualBox, VMware and everything else to do with virtualizing desktops

## <a href="https://www.perfectblogger.com">Perfect Blogger</a>
WordPress with a touch of SEO

## <a href="https://www.personaldevelopment.ie">Personal Development</a>
My tips on productivity and goal setting plus a bit on motivation and happiness

## <a href="https://ireland.reys.net">Ирландия: заметки и письма</a>
I relocated to Ireland in 2001, this website is my letters, notes, impressions and photos of Ireland (website is in Russian)

## <a href="http://www.castlehotelsireland.com">Castle Hotels Ireland</a>
Some of the most beautiful and luxurious castle hotels you can find to stay in Ireland
